#44 Update dependencies (#47)
exasol/parquet-edml-generator: README.md

### Other

> On other operating systems you can use this tool using Java. For that you need Java >= 17 installed.

Reviewer: On other operating systems, you can use this tool with Java. For that, you need Java version 17 or higher installed.

> On other operating systems you can use this tool using Java. For that you need Java >= 17 installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On other operating systems, you can use this tool with Java. For that, you need Java version 17 or higher installed.
```
